packages/niketa_dark/README.md, before:

# Niketa Dark

[![Installs](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/i/selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/d/selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme)

9 Dark VSCode Themes split into 3 groups

## Screens

### American Alien

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/american.alien.png?raw=true)

### American Dad

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/american.dad.png?raw=true)

### American Spy

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/american.spy.png?raw=true)

### Hunger Epiphany

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/hunger.epiphany.png?raw=true)

### Hunger Force

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/hunger.force.png?raw=true)

### Hunger Shake

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/hunger.shake.png?raw=true)

### South Authority

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/south.authority.png?raw=true)

### South Park

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/south.park.png?raw=true)

### South Tegridy

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/south.tegridy.png?raw=true)

## Naming

`American` group is dedicated to `American dad`
`Hunger` group is dedicated to `Aqua team hunger force`
`South` group is dedicated to `South park`

## Light theme

This set of themes is based on [Niketa theme](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=selfrefactor.Niketa-theme), which is set of 18 light themes.

Commit message:

feat@important switch to tv series naming

packages/niketa_dark/README.md, after:

# Niketa Dark

[![Installs](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/i/selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/vscode-marketplace/d/selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme.svg?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=selfrefactor.niketa-dark-theme)

9 Dark VSCode Themes split into 3 groups

## Screens

### American Dad

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/american.dad.png?raw=true)

### Aqua Teen Hunger Force

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/aqua.teen.hunger.force.png?raw=true)

### Archer

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/archer.png?raw=true)

### Cleveland Show

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/cleveland.show.png?raw=true)

### Curb Your Enthusiasm

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/curb.your.enthusiasm.png?raw=true)

### Dilbert

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/dilbert.png?raw=true)

### South Park

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/south.park.png?raw=true)

### Trip Tank

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/trip.tank.png?raw=true)

### Ugly Americans

![VSCode theme screen](https://github.com/selfrefactor/niketa-themes/blob/master/packages/niketa_dark/screens/ugly.americans.png?raw=true)

## Naming

These are some of my favorite TV series

## Light theme

This set of themes is based on [Niketa theme](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=selfrefactor.Niketa-theme), which is set of 9 light themes.
